# Shivering Shore

The first proper area of the game. You will be transported to the beach of this
area regardless of whether you defeated The Unspeakable Deep or die to that
optional boss. Head right and speak to the first NPC you encounter. Answer "Yes"
to his question, then answer "Yes" again. You will be given an item called
Candelabra of the Three, which allows you to join a creed (or faction) called
The Three. For now, do not fret whether you have joined the "right" creed
because there is no "right" creed. In your subsequent playthroughs you might
prefer a different creed. However, for your first playthrough The Three is as
good as any other creed the NPC offers.

Exhaust the dialogue of the NPC and head right up a hill to defeat 2 enemies
near a treasure chest. Open the chest and grab the Sanctuary Key. You need this
key to open the door to the first sanctuary in the game. In this game, you rest
at a sanctuary to restore your HP, Stamina, and the healing consumable(s)
specific to your creed. While resting, use salt to level up and you would be
given a number of Black Pearls to invest into various skills. You can also offer
various stone statues at a sanctuary to spawn various NPCs that offer a diverse
range of services. Each time you rest at a sanctuary or one of the shrines found
scattered throughout the game, enemies would respawn, except bosses and some
enemies. However, a shrine does not allow you to level up or invest Black Pearls
in a skill.

Anyway, grab the Sanctuary Key and proceed right to find a door. Use the key to
unlock the door and enter your first sanctuary. Place the Candelabra on the
sanctuary altar. Assuming that you defeated The Unspeakable Deep, you should
have enough salt to level up by 10 levels, giving you Black Pearl x 10 to invest
in various skills. As this is a Strength walkthrough, your objective for now is
to obtain the skill Class 2 Heavy Macefighter. Grab various skills on the path
leading to the latter skill. Along the path, you should be able to invest in a
Poultice Pouch to increase the number of times you can consume the HP healing
item specific to your creed. Being a member of The Three, your healing item is
called Red Flask, which replenishes every time you rest at a sanctuary or
shrine. Each creed has a different name for its replenishable healing item.
Furthermore, invest in the skill Class 2 Heavy Armor to allow you to equip
better armour pieces than those you started with. We will work towards a
specific set of armour pieces as the walkthrough progresses.

Exit the sanctuary and head right. Kill some enemies to gain salt and gold. You
are automatically rewarded with salt for each enemy defeated, but the gold
dropped by a defeated enemy must be collected. As you would expect, the more
difficult the enemy the more salt and gold the enemy would drop. You might want
to one-hand the Varangian Spatha, your starting weapon, for a faster attack
animation than the two-handed attack animation. Gold is also dropped by breaking
furniture and barrels found liberally littered in most areas.

Notable loots:

-   Red Shard x 3. Within a treasure chest above the sanctuary. Unlike the Red
    Flask (or whatever replenishable healing item you have for the creed you are
    in), Red Shards are consumable healing items that do not replenish whenever
    you rest at a sanctuary or a shrine. Red Shards can be farmed from enemies
    and purchased from merchants. Use a Red Shard whenever you need to conserve
    your main healing item, i.e. the Red Flask.
-   Pouch of Salt. Found within a treasure chest above the sanctuary. The chest
    also contains Red Shard x 3.
